@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.15 2015/03/31 12:26:40 bcallah Exp $
bin/jmacs
@bin bin/joe
bin/jpico
bin/jstar
bin/rjoe
@bin bin/stringify
@bin bin/termidx
@bin bin/uniproc
@man man/man1/joe.1
man/ru/
man/ru/man1/
@man man/ru/man1/joe.1
share/doc/joe/
share/doc/joe/ChangeLog
share/doc/joe/NEWS.md
share/doc/joe/README.md
share/doc/joe/README.old
share/doc/joe/hacking.md
share/doc/joe/man.md
share/examples/joe/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/
share/examples/joe/ftyperc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/ftyperc
share/examples/joe/jicerc.ru
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/jicerc.ru
share/examples/joe/jmacsrc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/jmacsrc
share/examples/joe/joerc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/joerc
share/examples/joe/joerc.zh_TW
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/joerc.zh_TW
share/examples/joe/jpicorc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/jpicorc
share/examples/joe/jstarrc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/jstarrc
share/examples/joe/rjoerc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/rjoerc
share/examples/joe/shell.csh
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/shell.csh
share/examples/joe/shell.sh
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/shell.sh
share/joe/
share/joe/charmaps/
share/joe/charmaps/klingon
share/joe/lang/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/lang/
share/joe/lang/de.po
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/lang/de.po
share/joe/lang/fr.po
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/lang/fr.po
share/joe/lang/ru.po
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/lang/ru.po
share/joe/lang/uk.po
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/lang/uk.po
share/joe/lang/zh.po
share/joe/syntax/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/
share/joe/syntax/4gl.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/4gl.jsf
share/joe/syntax/ada.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/ada.jsf
share/joe/syntax/ant.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/ant.jsf
share/joe/syntax/asm.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/asm.jsf
share/joe/syntax/avr.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/avr.jsf
share/joe/syntax/awk.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/awk.jsf
share/joe/syntax/batch.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/batch.jsf
share/joe/syntax/c.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/c.jsf
share/joe/syntax/clojure.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/clojure.jsf
share/joe/syntax/cobol.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/cobol.jsf
share/joe/syntax/coffee.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/coffee.jsf
share/joe/syntax/comment_todo.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/comment_todo.jsf
share/joe/syntax/conf.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/conf.jsf
share/joe/syntax/csh.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/csh.jsf
share/joe/syntax/csharp.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/csharp.jsf
share/joe/syntax/css.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/css.jsf
share/joe/syntax/d.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/d.jsf
share/joe/syntax/debian.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/debian.jsf
share/joe/syntax/diff.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/diff.jsf
share/joe/syntax/elixir.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/elixir.jsf
share/joe/syntax/erb.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/erb.jsf
share/joe/syntax/erlang.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/erlang.jsf
share/joe/syntax/filename.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/filename.jsf
share/joe/syntax/fortran.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/fortran.jsf
share/joe/syntax/git-commit.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/git-commit.jsf
share/joe/syntax/go.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/go.jsf
share/joe/syntax/groovy.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/groovy.jsf
share/joe/syntax/haml.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/haml.jsf
share/joe/syntax/haskell.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/haskell.jsf
share/joe/syntax/html.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/html.jsf
share/joe/syntax/htmlerb.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/htmlerb.jsf
share/joe/syntax/ini.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/ini.jsf
share/joe/syntax/iptables.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/iptables.jsf
share/joe/syntax/java.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/java.jsf
share/joe/syntax/joerc.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/joerc.jsf
share/joe/syntax/js.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/js.jsf
share/joe/syntax/jsf.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/jsf.jsf
share/joe/syntax/jsf_check.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/jsf_check.jsf
share/joe/syntax/json.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/json.jsf
share/joe/syntax/lisp.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/lisp.jsf
share/joe/syntax/lua.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/lua.jsf
share/joe/syntax/m4.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/m4.jsf
share/joe/syntax/mail.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/mail.jsf
share/joe/syntax/mason.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/mason.jsf
share/joe/syntax/matlab.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/matlab.jsf
share/joe/syntax/md.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/md.jsf
share/joe/syntax/ocaml.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/ocaml.jsf
share/joe/syntax/pascal.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/pascal.jsf
share/joe/syntax/perl.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/perl.jsf
share/joe/syntax/php.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/php.jsf
share/joe/syntax/powershell.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/powershell.jsf
share/joe/syntax/prolog.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/prolog.jsf
share/joe/syntax/properties.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/properties.jsf
share/joe/syntax/ps.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/ps.jsf
share/joe/syntax/puppet.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/puppet.jsf
share/joe/syntax/python.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/python.jsf
share/joe/syntax/r.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/r.jsf
share/joe/syntax/rexx.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/rexx.jsf
share/joe/syntax/ruby.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/ruby.jsf
share/joe/syntax/rust.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/rust.jsf
share/joe/syntax/scala.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/scala.jsf
share/joe/syntax/sed.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/sed.jsf
share/joe/syntax/sh.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/sh.jsf
share/joe/syntax/sieve.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/sieve.jsf
share/joe/syntax/skill.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/skill.jsf
share/joe/syntax/sml.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/sml.jsf
share/joe/syntax/spec.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/spec.jsf
share/joe/syntax/sql.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/sql.jsf
share/joe/syntax/swift.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/swift.jsf
share/joe/syntax/tcl.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/tcl.jsf
share/joe/syntax/tex.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/tex.jsf
share/joe/syntax/troff.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/troff.jsf
share/joe/syntax/typescript.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/typescript.jsf
share/joe/syntax/verilog.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/verilog.jsf
share/joe/syntax/vhdl.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/vhdl.jsf
share/joe/syntax/whitespace.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/whitespace.jsf
share/joe/syntax/xml.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/xml.jsf
share/joe/syntax/yaml.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/yaml.jsf
